refactor(skills): replace arch-diagram-builder agent with reusable architecture-diagrams skill (#2068)
microsoft/hve-core: .github/agents/project-planning/brd-builder.agent.md

Dispatch the `BRD Quality Reviewer` subagent to grade the draft. A single invocation returns a `BRD_STANDARD_FINDINGS_V1` payload and an aggregated `BRD_QUALITY_REPORT_V1` payload; treat both as the evidence for the Define gate. Define does not exit until the quality report's gate decision permits advancement.

> Author ordinary BRD process diagrams inline through the canonical BRD template guidance. When a BRD section needs infrastructure-specific interpretation or an architecture/network diagram, use the architecture-diagrams skill: read `.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md` with `read_file` and follow its authoring contract, choosing ASCII or Mermaid output for the diagram. That skill is the authoritative source for its own conventions and output format; ordinary BRD process diagrams remain optional inline and do not require a separate diagram-specific handoff.

Reviewer: **[portability] Skill referenced by hardcoded `.github/skills/...` path**

This reads the skill via the repo-root path `.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md`, which does not exist in plugin or extension distributions (the skill resolves under `skills/...` there, and there is no `.github/` tree), so the `read_file` fails outside the source repo.

Per [Use Agent Skills in VS Code — How Copilot uses skills](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/agent-customization/agent-skills#_how-copilot-uses-skills), skills load by **name** (description match or `/skill-name`) and files inside a skill are referenced by **path relative to the skill root** — never a repo-root path. Our own `prompt-builder.instructions.md` says the same. We've confirmed via extensive out-of-repo testing of the `pr-reference` skill that "skill name + relative file name" resolves correctly across distributions while the repo-root path does not.

I believe we should fix this here. Suggested rewrite (drops the `.github/skills/...` prefix and `read_file` mechanic):

```suggestion
Author ordinary BRD process diagrams inline through the canonical BRD template guidance. When a BRD section needs infrastructure-specific interpretation or an architecture/network diagram, use the `architecture-diagrams` skill: load its `SKILL.md` and follow its authoring contract, choosing ASCII or Mermaid output for the diagram. That skill is the authoritative source for its own conventions and output format; ordinary BRD process diagrams remain optional inline and do not require a separate diagram-specific handoff.
```

This is one of 5 new occurrences in this PR; see the overall review summary for a repo-wide backlog item.

Author: Done. BRD diagrams stay inline, and architecture/network diagrams now use the `architecture-diagrams` skill by name with its `SKILL.md` loaded, avoiding the hardcoded path.
